# Forecast-Informed-Reservoir-Operation-Framework-Based-on-Combined-Analytical-and-Empirical-Rules

## Data Description
Ensemble Streamflow Prediction (ESP) forecasts to Folsom Lake (i.e., ensemble inflow forecasts), are downloaded from the California-Nevada River Forecast Center (CNRFC) with the Hydrologic Ensemble Forecast Service (HEFS) model. Daily ESP forecasts used in this study are aggregated from hourly ensemble data that accounts for regulation effects. ESP forecasts are available from June 2013 to now, with the number of ensemble members varying over time (from 39 to 69 members). Each ensemble member represents a specific water year to provide hydrologic forcings to generate a streamflow forecast. 

The BMA method employed in this study requires a consistent number of ensemble members and uniform representation throughout the study period to assign weights to each member based on its performance. To maximize the use of available ESP forecasts, the data is divided into two training data sets. The first dataset includes WYs 2014-2019, comprising 59 ensemble members (generated based on records in WYs 1950-2008). The second dataset covers WYs 2020-2024 and includes 39 members (based on records of WYs 1980-2018). The BMA method is applied separately to these two datasets, each containing data only from the major flood season (November 18 to February 28/29) for BMA parameter training.

"Fol_Box_Cox_flood_total_before/after19" folder: Box-Cox transformed n-day total predicted inflow volume in thousand acre-feet (TAF), only including flood season (November 18- Feburary 28/29) before (or after) water year 2019. Note, fitted lambda(s) are different for each forecast lead time, which are obtained based on observed n-day total inflow [see "fitted_lambda_flood_total.csv"]

